---
layout: post
title:  "The Kid"
date:   2018-03-13 11:57:00 +1000
categories: jekyll theme
---

Let's begin at the start, like every personal story. My father was a university lecturer, who had decided his homeland was about to explode (literally). He was spot on, not a couple of few years after leaving the country went to war. It was without a shadow of a doubt the best thing he did for his family. The life he has given us in the western world is far far better than what we could have had in the “motherland”. 

Before the age of seven, I had been born in one country, lived in two countries others and travelled to another three. My earliest memories are of the university compound where other foreign lecturers lived; I never realised I was different because everyone was different. It was a lovely time in my life.

I only realised things were different when we immigrated to the west. The kid who looked like me didn’t speak my language; the school was different, a new language had to be mastered, a new way of interacting with kids and adults had to be learned. Everything was new. 

The earliest memory of school is of procrastinating on an assignment, gosh the horror. An Assignment! Around this time I also remember my father’s not very sage advice: Do your homework as soon as you get home. I think this was all he had ever bestowed upon me, no guidance, no support (which he gave to my older brother). As time went on and the older I got and the more mediocre my grades became, the more excuses bubbled up for my lack of effort. They were all variations highlighting my difference; I’m not from here, I don’t speak this language et. 

I am one of 7 children. I see the TDK curse to varying degrees in most of my siblings, especially my youngest sister. My older brothers dealt with the duality differently. One turned to religion, while the other rebelled (temporarily). How did deal with it? I put my feelings into a little box and threw it away, and 30 years later I'm tracking it down.

Kid TDK out.
